Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: intro/setup-guide.mdx

---
title: "PowerSync Setup Guide"
sidebarTitle: "Setup Guide"

> description: "Step-by-step guide to adding PowerSync to your app, from connecting your database to integrating client SDKs."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Step-by-step guide to adding PowerSync to your app, from connecting your source database to integrating the client SDK."
```

> description: "Step-by-step guide to adding PowerSync to your app, from creating a cloud instance and connecting your database to integrating client SDKs."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Step-by-step guide to adding PowerSync to your app, from connecting your database to integrating client SDKs."
```
